(9/9) Any public site in Chrome—no extra setup step before you run an analysis.
(1/9) One-click competitive analysis: open Scout from the toolbar and hit “Scout this page.”
(3/9) Strength score (0–100) lands in the panel as soon as the readout starts—here alongside the first structured findings.
(2/9) AI-powered insights (Gemini under the hood): free to the user, no API key in the UI—this is the generated “Infrastructure / Payments / …” style breakdown.
(4/9) Top 3 strategic takeaways: three ranked cards with risk/health signals.
(5/9) Full competitive framework in the Analysis tab—Product, UX, UI, Features, Content & copy—ten-point-style coverage as you scan the panel.
(6/9) Visual annotations: numbered badges sit on real DOM elements on the live page—not a static mock.
(7/9) Hover a badge: Observation → Impact → Opportunity on the tooltip.
(8/9) Downloadable PNG report: “Download report” kicks off a `scout-report-…` file in Chrome’s download bar.
(4/9) The opened export still foregrounds the three strategic takeaways, then the long-form analysis—same story as the panel, now in a hand-off format.